[tutorials] Adds a carousel tutorial (#773)
lit/lit.dev: packages/lit-dev-content/site/tutorials/content/carousel/08.md

Now we're ready to add the animation. To do so, we'll import the `animate`
directive from the `@lit-labs/motion` package.

<aside class="warning">
  Packages release under the <code>@lit-labs</code> umbrella aren't quite ready for
  production. These projects may be experimental or incomplete, and they're
  subject to breaking changes. See the <a href="https://lit.dev/docs/libraries/labs/">docs</a>
  for more info.

> </aside>

Reviewer: This can be a `<litdev-aside type="warn" no-header>`. See: https://github.com/lit/lit.dev/blob/main/packages/lit-dev-content/samples/tutorials/CONTRIBUTING.md#asides

The content in the aside can also be markdown (provided there is one line of whitespace between the tag and the content).

Also prefer link without the domain, i.e.: `/docs/libraries/labs/`

Author: Fixed.

> </aside>

Reviewer: This can be a `<litdev-aside type="warn" no-header>`. See: https://github.com/lit/lit.dev/blob/main/packages/lit-dev-content/samples/tutorials/CONTRIBUTING.md#asides

The content in the aside can also be markdown (provided there is one line of whitespace between the tag and the content).

Also prefer link without the domain, i.e.: `/docs/libraries/labs/`

```ts
import {animate} from '@lit-labs/motion';
```

> <aside class="info">

Reviewer: Nit: Use `litdev-aside` with `type="info"` and markdown contents.

> <aside class="info">

Reviewer: Nit: Use `litdev-aside` with `type="info"`.

  Normally, you'd also need to add <code>@lit-labs/motion</code> to your
  <code>package.json</code> but to speed things up, that's already been done.
</aside>

The `animate` directive will take care of animating the position. It's
great for "tweening" between different rendered layouts. Add the `animate`
directive to the "container" surrounding the slots:

```ts
return html`
  <div class="fit"
    ${animate()}
```

> Note that even though we're setting the <code>left</code> property,

Reviewer: Doesn't need addressing, why not markdown instead of `<code>`?

> Note that even though we're setting the <code>left</code> property,

Reviewer: Doesn't need addressing, why not markdown instead of `<code>`?

Author: Fixed.

In this step, we've jumped ahead slightly and added a little indicator near the

> bottom of the element to show which item is selected in the carousel.
> Inspect the code in the `render` method to see how this was done. It follows a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
bottom of the element to show which item is selected in the carousel.

Inspect the code in the `render` method to see how this was done. It follows a
```

similar pattern to position `left` and `width` based on the `selected` item.
Click the carousel to change the `selected` item to see this in action.

Now we're ready to add the animation. To do so, we'll import the `animate`
directive from the `@lit-labs/motion` package.

> <litdev-aside type="warn" no-header>
> 
>   Packages release under the `@lit-labs` umbrella aren't quite ready for
>   production. These projects may be experimental or incomplete, and they're
>   subject to breaking changes. See the [docs](/docs/libraries/labs/)
>   for more info.
> 
> </litdev-aside>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<litdev-aside type="warn">

  Packages released under `@lit-labs` aren't quite ready for production.
  
  These projects may be experimental or incomplete, and they're
  subject to breaking changes. See the Lit [documentation](/docs/libraries/labs/)
  for more info.

</litdev-aside>
```

Add the import after the other import statements at the top of the module.

```ts
import {animate} from '@lit-labs/motion';
```

<litdev-aside type="info" no-header>

Normally, you'd also need to add `@lit-labs/motion` to your
`package.json` but to speed things up, that's already been done.

</litdev-aside>

The `animate` directive will take care of animating the position. It's

> great for "tweening" between different rendered layouts.

Reviewer 2: maybe link out to the inbetweening wikipedia or something

You're ready to add the animation.

You may notice a little indicator near the bottom of the element has been
added in this step. It shows which item is selected in the carousel. You can
inspect the code in the `render` method to see how this was done. It follows a
similar pattern to position `left` and `width` based on the `selected` item.

Now import the `animate` directive from the `@lit-labs/motion` package.

<litdev-aside type="warn">

  Packages released under `@lit-labs` aren't quite ready for production.

  These projects may be experimental or incomplete, and they're
  subject to breaking changes. See the Lit [documentation](/docs/libraries/labs/)
  for more info.

</litdev-aside>

Add the import after the other import statements at the top of the module.

```ts
import {animate} from '@lit-labs/motion';
```

<litdev-aside type="info" no-header>

Normally, you'd also need to add `@lit-labs/motion` to your
`package.json` but to speed things up, that's already been done.

> </litdev-aside>

Author: Confused. This applies to JS as well.

> </litdev-aside>

Reviewer 2: above, you tell the user to import the package, but the TS -> JS sample compiler will elide unused imports, so this statement is not true for JS
